killing a buffalo is a risky business
but these wolves
have hunted Buffalo for hundreds if not
thousands of years they know what they
need to do storm and his pack have to
attack from behind so they must get the
herd to run the Buffalo know that if
they stand and face the wolves they have
the advantage
[Music]
sometimes these standoffs can last for
days
[Music]
but if this strategy were foolproof
there wouldn't be any wolves eventually
the Buffalo lose their nerve and make a
run for it
I can see how the wolves are testing the
Buffalo looking for a young animal or
one that is struggling
during the winter the Buffalo have to
break trail running through the deep
snow they tire more quickly than the
wolves
scattering through the bush forces the
Wolves to split up and reduces their
effectiveness
but storm is not distracted he's got a
lock on his prey
[Music]
it's a yearling calf storm is such a
huge wolf he's able to bring this 300
kilogram animal to a stop all by himself
but the herd scattering through the bush
has led one of storms younger sons into
his own solo battle and he tries to grab
the Buffalo by the front
that pays the price for this mistake
I hope he wasn't hurt a broken bone
would spell the end for him walls have
to be in peak form to hunt Buffalo
he still has a lot to learn from his
father
for a single wolf killing such a large
prey is dangerous storm is older and
wiser once he's wounded the Buffalo he
pulls back and waits for the animal to
die